All right welcome back my students I hope you guys are having a lot of fun with Laro.
Well I know all of you already are trying to do this on your own but that's OK.
I'll suggest to actually continue with the course and finish it and then start on your own but you're
welcome to explore.
All right.
So on the last lecture we create a couple of fields here.
But on this lecture we're going to work on the select for a role or for status or I think we should
tax status since it's easier.
And then at the end we can actually attacked role because we got to we've got to pull information from
the database.
One thing that I that I wanted to actually let you guys know is that every time we use the Form class
we are actually also creating an input field of type hidden as a talking.
All right.
Just remember that that if you're creating this as in a static version make sure that you have a function
to create that not talking.
OK so if you go to a form you can see this hitting input here with a value of this long string in numbers
or right type hit.
All right.
So if we are creating this statically for some reason make sure that you own your form you have either
C-s our field method or this is our talking in your input the value.
All right if Now your phone would now work.
Ok cool.
So let's work on the status here.
Let's make this first let.
All right.
And there are a couple of ways of doing this.
And you can find out more information if you have one.
If you want more you want to dig deeper into this in the law of a Web site XTi a mail and forms are
I.
So the select we're not going to have a no.
Here we could actually.
Well we're going to have an array and this is how it works.
All right.
So this array is going to be status free and we're going to have a couple of inputs here.
First of all Actually I'm just going to do it and then explain and they explain it to you OK.
So the key right here would be the value and the value here and this array would be what people see
.
So people are going to see they're active right here.
You see that they were going to make another space for the net value and is going to be zero for now
active.
That's what the users are going to see.
OK.
So of course we don't need this here.
Let's go and look at the forum real quick and let's see where we have
gone awry.
All right as you can see active not active.
And if we expect it
we can see that that value was one for active and the other one is zero here.
We could set a default if we wanted to.
And that's why there's no value is for.
All right so you can say that before I got to 74 for an active.
My putting has zero.
All right.
Antar as you can see that change to that and that's very useful guys very useful.
Because sometimes you want to use yours.
You know if they click on something to make sure that you know that this is set up to not active just
in case you don't want the user to be you know active right away that the one you're creating.
Ok cool.
So I think we're done with this section that was pretty easy right.
We're going to work on the next one which is the role ID or the role for the user will be pulling that
information from the database is going to be a pretty exciting lecture and you can learn a whole bunch
.
Thank you so much for watching guys.
So great for that you guys are here.
Thank you for your support.
I'll see you next